Buffer-pack-in-one (#359)
parthenon-hpc-lab/parthenon: CHANGELOG.md

## Current develop

### Added (new features/APIs/variables/...)
- [[PR 412]](https://github.com/lanl/parthenon/pull/412) Add capability to use host (pinned) memory for communication buffers (via PARTHENON_ENABLE_HOST_COMM_BUFFERS - default OFF)
- [[PR 400]](https://github.com/lanl/parthenon/pull/400) Extend `StateDescriptor` for customizable output via user-customizable function pointers `PreStepDiagnosticsMesh` and `PostStepDiagnosticsMesh`
- [[PR 391]](https://github.com/lanl/parthenon/pull/391) Add `VariablePack<T>::GetSparseId` and `VariablePack<T>::GetSparseIndex` to return global sparse ids and pack-local sparse index, repsectively.
- [[PR 381]](https://github.com/lanl/parthenon/pull/381) Overload `DataCollection::Add` to build `MeshData` and `MeshBlockData` objects with a subset of variables.
- [[PR 378]](https://github.com/lanl/parthenon/pull/378) Add Kokkos profiling regions throughout the code to allow the collection characteristic application profiles

> - [[PR 359]](https://github.com/lanl/parthenon/pull/359) MeshBlockPack support for buffer un-/pack of CellCentered Variables

Reviewer: "un-/pack" - took me a second to understand what this was trying to say... probably better as
```suggestion
- [[PR 359]](https://github.com/lanl/parthenon/pull/359) MeshBlockPack support for buffer pack and unpack of CellCentered Variables
```
